---
layout: post
title: "feels bad man"
date: 2017-10-08
---
# Networking:
## [Tor help](http://torproject.org/about/contact.html#support)

# Murmur:
## Sometimes Im depressed that my family members dont really plan for their futures/health -- they dont either consider my suggestions.
Today, or specifically very early morning of 10/09, my dad couldnt stop but wining, for his belly hurt. This wasn't the first time. He kept wining and wispered that he was not comfortable. I quote, "I feel so uncomfortable." That's the only sentence he said, repeatly.

I felt angry and frustrated then. I asked my parents to do health check 2 weeks ago. They argued that they already did health check and rejected their appointments in Changhua Christian Hospital made by me. Though there's no clue whether the health checks tailored for them could discover the possible diseases so as to prevent them before they mature, I felt angry that my parents think that they thought they had done whatever they could and that they didn't want to have (further) tests. Did they realize that how much prices their illnesses took? We checked how much it took this time:
- wining at the midnight (around 2,3 a.m.) on 10/08 => nobody could still sleep as nothing happend till then
- his indecisive attitude toward whther to have an emergency call and unwillingness to tell us what happend => enable the previous result lasting 10~20 mins -- everone suffered through this
- called a taxi during hte mid night => NTD 150
- have the emergency call => (wild guess) NTD 500
- my sis, mom, and I accompanied with him till 5 a.m.; my mom went home to sleep around 5 a.m.
- my sis and I accompanied with him till 8 a.m. before my sis went out buying me and herself breakfast
- I, doing barely nothing, accompanied with him and felt sleepy
- my sis and I watched movies and flipped through Tinder for the whole following day
- my sis went home with her daughter (is it necessary to catch her this time?)
- stayed beside him till next morning => total time wasted -- around 1 day for 4 people, in which everone suffered
- his surgery on his gallstones => need 3 extra days for my mom's company and some considerable amount of money
Thus, for his illness, the whole family with 4 members including himself paid 10 (working) days and 650 + some considerable amount of money from all the med care. Many factors made me angry: 
- my parents' carelessness on their health and their unwillingness to accept further health checks => makes me angry at them and myself (why couldnt I stand still on my point to force them to pay more attention on their bodies?)
- brought my nephew to stay in the house tonight => makes me angry at my sis and me (why was this necessary? really?)
- the cost 4 people paid on this event

Besides, I could see the frustration on my face clearly. I forsaw part of this tragedy but couldn't persuade my family members to accept my suggestions on their life. I'm not gonna condemn anyone upon this unpleasant experience -- especially when all members included are my family. But there are some lessons I learn from it:
- sometimes you need to speak up for the right and stand your points firmly
- if your family spares you literally no money and sometimes makes you troubles without any self-awareness, you should work N times harder than others to make things turnaround
- when somebody is indecisive -- consider advising or making decisions for him, which should accelerate and smooth the whole process
- always think about the money/time 'wasted' on the somewhat predictable health care and its alternative usage on traveling -- what a vivid contrast
- parents deserve your respect for many reasons, but they might gradually make wrong decisions as they age; and you are, perhaps the only one, to effectively prevent the upcoming tragedies
- we should praise for nurses
