---
layout: post
title: "A Daily (supposedly) Note On Programming"
date: 2017-09-13
---

# Entrepreneurship
## what about a __waste management__ app?
### idea
- hard to find *a place* (public trash can) to drop ur trash when you just migrate to another new place
- good idea to alarm you when/where to dispose your garbage ?
- show me *the closet free restroom* ?

## what about a __hazard management__ app?
### idea
- is that *route* (on Google) signaling hgih rate of car accidents to *me* ?
- is it *safe* to walk on that route for *my gf* in the midnight ?
- could these ideas *inform me immediately* before I jump into them ?

## what about a __virtual recommender__  app on hotels?
### idea
- will I 

## what about a __healt recommendation__ app?
### idea
- r u willing to pay *$1* to *learn* the *suggestions from doctors* 
### [mackay](http://www.mmh.org.tw/taitam/medical_edu/www/default.asp?contentID=743)

## finance app?
### idea
- if the programatical buy is not yet that powerful ... (which is slightly uhlikely) 

## what about a haircut visualization app?
### idea
- you want to know your new hair cut 
- *haircut recommendation* without a single supreme barber 

# AWS
## how on earth could I launch my service on it
## how on earch could I upgrade to a premium user to employ more machines
## may I install docker on it
## how about setting up a cluster
## how about apply for a domain

# GF
## Oh man! Start talking to girls, dont be such a Neanderthal.

# ML
## how on earth does a GPU help ML?
## what about the distributed learning on users' phones?

# Paper
## how about managing the two corrupted repos?

# Parents
## self-monitoring them

